Emmet is a set of plug-ins for text editors that allow for high-speed coding and editing in HTML
,XML, XSLT, and other structured code formats via content assis


Q. Difference between a Library and Framework?

Put simply, the “Inversion of Control” (IoC) describes the difference between a library and a framework. 
In some ways, we can think of a framework as a collection of libraries, but it’s entirely different. 
By using a library, you control the flow of the program. The library can be invoked whenever and wherever you like. 
Contrary to this, when you use a framework, the flow is controlled by the framework. The framework instructs you where 
to put your code, but it will call your code as required. Simply put, our code calls the library’s code, but in a framework, 
it’s the framework’s code that calls our code

Q. What is CDN? Why do we use it?
Data travels through the internet via a network of cables.CDN's main aim is to virtually shorten the physical distance, to improve 
site rendering speed and performance.CDN stores a cached version of it's content in multiple geographical locations (Point of presence, which is stragetically 
planned). If someone tried to access our website from Spain, it will be a lot quicker if it is fulfilled from the local POP rather than from India.

Q.Why is React known as React?
React is named React because of it's ability to react to changes in data.With every change, React component
changes and React will automatically re-render the components to reflect the new data.

Q. What is crossorigin in script tag?
CrossOrigin attribute sets the mode of the request to be HTTP CORS request.
CrossOrigin request is a request for a resource from other domain. CORS is Cross Origin Resource Sharing,
a mechanism which allows a resource on one domain to be accessed by another domain. 
	<script crossorigin="anonymous|use-credentials"> 
	CrossOrigin = 'anonymous' -> request is performed, no credentials were sent.
	CrossOrigin = 'use-credentials' -> request is performed, credentials were sent.

Q. What is diference between React and ReactDOM?
The react package holds the react source for components, state, props and all the code that is react.

The react-dom package as the name implies is the glue between React and the DOM.
Why separate them?

The reason React and ReactDOM were split into two libraries was due to the arrival of React Native 
(A react platform for mobile development).

React components are such a great way to organize UI that it has now spread to mobile to react is used 
in web and in mobile. React-dom is used only in web apps.

Q. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
Development build is used for development reasons but the prod bulid is used on the client's machine.
What separates the two is our preference and requirement.

Q. What is async and defer?
Both async and defer script begins to download without pausing HTML parser, the real difference lies in 
the execution, async and defer downloads the file during parsing but async pauses the parser to execute
once download is completed whereas defer waits for HTML parser to complete and then proceeds to exceute the
downloaded files. 

*Defer gives the guarantee to execute requests in the order as they'd appeared in the file/code.

https://i.stack.imgur.com/wfL82.png (Check this image for a detailed explanation)
